tikv: support dynamic modifications on `raftstore.store-io-pool-size` (#12189)
pingcap/docs: dynamic-config.md

| `raftstore.store-pool-size` | The number of threads in the pool that processes Raft, which is the size of the Raftstore thread pool |
| `raftstore.apply-max-batch-size` | Raft state machines process data write requests in batches by the BatchSystem. This configuration item specifies the maximum number of Raft state machines that can execute the requests in one batch. |
| `raftstore.store-max-batch-size` | Raft state machines process requests for flushing logs into the disk in batches by the BatchSystem. This configuration item specifies the maximum number of Raft state machines that can process the requests in one batch. |

> | `raftstore.store-io-pool-size` | The allowable number of threads that process Raft I/O tasks, which is the size of the StoreWriter thread pool (**NOT** modify this value from `> 0` to `== 0` or `== 0` to `> 0`). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `raftstore.store-io-pool-size` | The allowable number of threads that process Raft I/O tasks, which is also the size of the StoreWriter thread pool (**DO NOT** modify this value from `> 0` to `== 0` or from `== 0` to `> 0`). |
```

> | `raftstore.store-io-pool-size` | The allowable number of threads that process Raft I/O tasks, which is also the size of the StoreWriter thread pool (**DO NOT** modify this value from `> 0` to `== 0` or from `== 0` to `> 0`) |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `raftstore.store-io-pool-size` | The number of threads that process Raft I/O tasks, which is also the size of the StoreWriter thread pool (**DO NOT** modify this value from a non-zero value to 0 or from 0 to a non-zero value) |
```
